feat(cli): output command (#1495)
hashicorp/terraform-cdk: website/docs/cdktf/cli-reference/commands.mdx

$ cdktf deploy --auto-approve
```

> For more infos in the `--outputs-file` option, [see the `output` command below](/cdktf/cli-reference/commands#output).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more info on the `--outputs-file` option, [see the `output` command below](/cdktf/cli-reference/commands#output).
```

  -o, --output                                  Output directory                                                                                                                             [required] [default: "cdktf.out"]
      --outputs-file                            Path to file where stack outputs will be written as JSON                                                                                                              [string]
      --outputs-file-include-sensitive-outputs  Whether to include sensitive outputs in the output file                                                                                             [boolean] [default: false]
  -h, --help                                    Show help                                                                                                                                                            [boolean]
```

### `--outputs-file`

The `--outputs-file` option allows you to specify a file where the stack outputs will be written as JSON.
The JSONs structure is matching your construct structure, the name of each construct is used as a key.

> ```json

Reviewer: If you change this to `jsonc` the `//`-comment should be rendered better

{
  "MyStack": {
    "MyConstructInstance": {
      "MyOutput": "my-value",
      "MySecretOutput": "my-secret-value" // <sensitive> if --outputs-file-include-sensitive-outputs is not set
    }
  }
}
```

> Please be aware that sensitive outputs are only written to the file if the `--outputs-file-include-sensitive-outputs` option is used.

Reviewer: nit: Currently they are written but their value is masked 😉
